alright guys I got a pretty good battle
here against this one guy from this one
place and he teased with that zelf and I
leave with a Swampert cuz that standard
leads are standard so I do what I always
do which is try to break the sash then
bite the explosion and switch to
something rude resist it but he goes to
a heat rent so i was like LOL that kind
of sucks for you but it's good for me so
since he went to hear on the only reason
he would have to go to a here and is if
he has hidden power grass so i just go
ahead and go to my latias and he does
use the hidden power dress so that's
pretty good and i went for the safe surf
but he brings in metagross and pursuits
me but he's not choice man so I live so
that guy might be able to come back in
and recover later on and yeah so
skarmory is out and i go for spikes
because that's what i always do and i
don't want to take the flamethrower and
we battled before and it disconnected
around here a little bit later but the
last time you use flamethrower but this
time he decided to be a professional and
go for the drake over here so that kind
of sucks for me and that's some bitch
shit so yeah so he goes to his himself
like he did last time and i go for the
eyes being like i did last time but this
time i get a crit and that doesn't
really make up for shit because the crit
doesn't matter since i got a wild chase
and a lot of tate is obviously gonna you
turn cuz that's what always that's what
why the chase always does so that shit
is dead and i didn't notice the life of
ronnie tram before so I didn't go to my
latias because I thought he might wanna
like explode on me and shit and I'm not
scarf so I went to my chap and he goes
to his own my champ and I know my shit
has pretty bad speed IVs so I know I'm
gonna go second and I don't want to take
the confusion so I just decided to
sacrifice of a poor unless it's it's lol
anyway and probably not gonna be able to
recover so now i go to Swampert since
it's only thing that I wouldn't really
mind taking the confusion and I really
need to wear this thing's health down
because none of my other stuff could hit
hard and I don't want anything else
getting confused because confusing to
some bitch shit so yeah so this turn I
try to go first I'll rock because still
rock always helped except he goes for
this up so that kind of sucks and then
he goes for another dynamic punch and if
I don't break this fucking soap then I'm
gonna be in a lot of fucking trouble but
luckily I don't hit myself and I get to
break it so now i can simply bring in
skarmory once he chose when you bring in
Skarmory and brave bird him and
hopefully kill it and if he decides to
switch out the spikes is gonna like help
me so I'm not gonna have as much
problems with it so yeah so here comes
Skarmory and brave bird cuz you know
Ascari's really brave and it's a bird so
it dies and that's what happens so he
goes to he ran again and I really need
skarmory alive for that matter gross
since many girls can't do shit to
Skarmory and it can do a lot to all my
other poke so I really need to keep that
guy alive and my channel not really
doing shit so I just decided to bring
him in here and this is where I noticed
the life work so that's pretty good now
I don't have to worry about it because
it dies so it's like three or four
against three right now it's a pretty
close game and yeah I go to a wild chase
because it could you turn and shit
because it's a wild chase and I could
have used the fire punch but I knew it
wasn't gonna kill and I bet he might
want to use earthquake but he goes for
the pursuit which doesn't really do she
is so I don't mind that and I just go
out to scar which like I said call the
fuck out of that guy and go for the
roost just in case he might want to
explode which is what he does that's
pretty good so three against two right
now and practically two against two now
since yeah I don't want anything else to
take the flamethrowers so I just decide
to leave that guy in so I rural areas
which could out speed and now I get to
kill that thing so
I was really hoping he didn't have a
scissor cuz that would that would have
been gay for me but he has a Flygon so
I'm not entirely too sure what um garage
he can take since I don't really use it
that often but I have no choice but to
go to it and try to flinch stuff but
he's faster so yeah I didn't really know
that either but whatever i guess like I
was pretty fast and that is exactly what
I don't use flag on it might be fast and
it might be able to turn but it's really
fucking week so that was pretty close
game came down to like 70 HP so comment
rate all that shit and I'm out